---
layout: page
title: About
---

My name is Heidi and I am a PhD student in Biostatistics at UZH. I am
interested in statistical learning, especially trees and forests, open science,
reproducible research, R and teaching.  I am a core member of
[OpenML](https://www.openml.org/), co-organizer of the [Zurich R User
Meetup](http://www.meetup.com/Zurich-R-User-Group/) and assistant editor of the
[Journal of Statistical Software (JSS)](https://www.jstatsoft.org).  In my free
time I like dancing salsa, biking, hiking, sailing and most other outdoors
activities.  On the non-active days I write this blog.  If you think I am an
interesting person, check out my [GitHub](https://github.com/HeidiSeibold/)
account and follow me on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/HeidiBaya).


I set up this blog using [knitr](yihui.name/knitr/),
[servr](https://github.com/yihui/servr), [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/),
[Hyde](http://hyde.getpoole.com) and [RStudio](rstudio.com).  You can view the
source code on
[GitHub](https://github.com/HeidiSeibold/HeidiSeibold.github.io).  Installing
all the parts needed to set up a blog like this can be tedious. That is why I
use [Docker](https://www.docker.com/) and just start a container with the
neccessary details installed.  See the
[link](https://github.com/HeidiSeibold/HeidiSeibold.github.io/tree/master/_build)
for the Dockerfile. 

I also sometimes write for other blogs. You can find my OpenML posts on
[medium](https://medium.com/@HeidiBaya) and my mlr posts on the [mlr
blog](http://mlr-org.github.io/).

For many more blogs on R and stats go to
[R-bloggers](http://www.r-bloggers.com/) and
[StatsBlogs](http://www.statsblogs.com/).
